Write Main README file
Write data folder README file - add description of data (esp. new frames)



Munging scripts
ALL: add years in when merging datasets - better: add course IDs and then use that later.



4. Step activity data
a. Convert number column and integer columns to factors: step; week_number; step_number.
b. Convert factor columns to dates: first_visited_at; last_completed_at.

5. Weekly sentiment data
a. Convert integer columns to factors: week_number; experience_rating.
b. Convert factor column to date: responded_at.

6. Team members
a. eliminate first_name and last_name columns (they contain nothing valuable due to anonymisation)

7. Video stats
a. 'unpivot' video data



General data questions
1. What years are the data from? (see main PDF)



Questions from data exploration (N.B. turn into assumptions)

Archetypes - initial questions
1. What are the archetypes mean and why are they interesting (from the archetype questionaire)? "Advancers", "Explorers", "Fixers", "Flourishers", "Hobbyists", "Other", "Vitalisers", "Preparers".
2. The "Preparers" archetype only appears in the 4th yesr's questionnaire and onwards. Was it introduced in Y4 or was it an option previously but with no one being categorised as such?

Enrollments
1. What does fully-participated_at mean?
2. What does purchased_statement_at mean?
3. Is country their nationality and detected_country where they are taking the course from?
4. qplots show a huge number of unknowns. Should these be excluded? What proportion of the data actually contains the fields?

Question-response data
1. Are these the same questions every year?
2. Why does the first year’s dataset have  different numbers?
3. Are these different questions or can they be compared with the other years?
4. Can the other years be compared at all? (Does it make any sense to merge them?)

Step activity
1. what is the significance of steps? See PDFs for this - steps in each section of the course?
2. Why is the maximum number for each dataset 23, except the first, where it is 21?
3. does last_completed_at denote the closure of (a phase of) the course?

Weekly survey responses
1. 

Team members
1. Are these all the instructors on the course? If so, should this data be used to exclude certain people from analysis?
2. Is there any way to work out which instructor taught which students?
3. why are some team roles only there on certain years? 

Video stats
1. 


Assumptions
- have preserved time by creating new date columns rather than overwriting existing factor columns.


Ideas for analysis
1. Archetype analysis - are certain archetypes more or less likely to drop out?
2. What causes the leaving rate to increase? Are there correlations between... archetypes? geographic areas? etc.?
a. What factors are the largest? From the initial look, time seems to be the key one (N.B. There are two time categories).
3. Can the response rate be calculated? Will increasing/dcreasing response rates show us anything? Can the be correlated with satisfaction?
4. Can can the step_position column be used to link video stats data to step activity (broken down in any way, by specific lecture? by region)? To any other data frame?
5. Would analysing the changes in the video frame work year on year? Broken down by region? Any point to doing that? Correlate with... drop out rate? Other?
6. Can we do some demographics so see how the numbers of right and wrong answers vary by region/country?
7. Are the wrongness fo the answers predictive of someone leaving the course?
8. Which students were leaving experience ratings? When did they leave them? How many students left them as a proportion of taking the course? To what extent did the reviews vary week to week? Was there an upward/downward trend?
9. Which demographics are more likely to leave reviews of the course? Region? Gender?
10. box plot to show average time between those who enroll and then drop out? What's the distribution?
11. Can enrollment rate be used to calculate conversion rates year on year?
12. From the leaving survey data, are types of reasons correlated with whether they have completed particular steps (or any steps?) With the Quiz steps in particular?
13. From the Q&A response data, can we see whether the harder questions (i.e. the number of people that got them wrong), cause more people to drop out?
14. Does everyone answer the quizzes on the same day? Are those who do not answer on the same day predictive of anything?